and hello to you guys case white and
This new release of the review, we cool
today is bot again
set for another project diamond rp
Still, the bots were on samp-rp in advance
rp
On two top project Well here's another
year for another top project so
let's start with the link as usual in
description
let's get started
write both a and number of laps
which do you want to do i want to do
for example three circles here three loaves it
changing clothes runs to work himself just
now I don’t touch the mouse all he himself
ran
here is of course admin can
burn if they will look after you
for a long time by the way I recommend to include
collision so that these are not here
joints
so that the bot does not
how to say this to normal work
so that no one interrupted him
he
all earnings of an ass will get off
what if you put on the night and all kapets
yet
aku our then two years later
bag for we earned a hundred and sixty
two bucks sales 3 bag I worked like that
about an hour and a half basically me not
I slept for the same account I still
calm running nobody burned me all
ok now we have 3 bag here it is him
informs and he will run to pick up this
that's all so if you for example clicked
a lot of bags to get you
stop press f2 f2 and clamp
that is, we press click in seconds 88 so
they passed
everyone calmly take their wages
No, all the same, they have not passed yet
f2 waiting 1
345 all right now for sure
Now everything is exactly the principle
can earned 234 dollars if
put up for the night it will be pretty
a lot about 100 thousand think for a beginner
this kapets how normal and even anti
afk good that is for others second
level so much this principle is not bad
Okay guys, basically everything is a and with you
to took and subscribe like
well guys all buy buy
bye Bye